docs: Add sequelize-create-with-associations to resources (#499)
sequelize/website: versioned_docs/version-6.x.x/other-topics/resources.md

* [automated-express-backend](https://github.com/ruyd/automated-express-backend) - Sample Sequelize Backend with runtime generation of API
* [@rematter/paranoid-sql](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rematter/paranoid-sql) - Add conditions to verify rows are not soft deleted.
* [@rematter/sequelize-paranoid-delete](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rematter/sequelize-paranoid-delete) - Enables onDelete when using paranoid mode.

> * [@hatchifyjs/sequelize-create-with-associations](https://github.com/bitovi/sequelize-create-with-associations) - More elegant update or create

Reviewer: This description from their repo is more precise I think:

```suggestion
* [@hatchifyjs/sequelize-create-with-associations](https://github.com/bitovi/sequelize-create-with-associations) - Automatically creates, bulkCreates and updates records that have relationships to each other without extra code.
```
